This episode of Tekzilla
Bites is brought to you
by the National Highway
Traffic Safety Administration.
Welcome to Tekzilla Bites,
feeding your tech hunger fast.
I'm Shannon Morse.
Have you ever wanted to make
really quick voice memos,
or you needed to record a
phone call for future use?
Maybe you had a customer
service rep promise you
a really good deal, only to
have your next bill be a higher
price.
Sometimes the best
proof that you need
is the words directly
from a person's mouth,
and I have a free app that will
do that, and will do it well.
Call Recorder by Bold Beast is
a simple yet powerful free app
made to record voice.
First off, make sure that you
have your settings the way
that you want them.
Recordings are automatically
saved in a folder called
.bbrec.
Now, since there is a
dot before the name,
that means that it's going
to be a hidden folder.
You can unhide that folder
by removing the period
and clicking OK, and this
will make it much easier
for you to access
your recordings.
Now, you can also turn
on and off an indicator,
and you can change the icon.
If the tiger distracts you,
you can also remove that, too.
Under call settings you can
change the record mode, format,
and set calls to the
auto recorded or not.
Here you can choose to
include or exclude contacts
from your recording
list, or just record all.
You can also set a pop
up to ask before saving
each and every recording, and
you can set similar settings
for just memos as well.
Now when you go back
to the main menu,
you'll notice two other icons.
One is for voice memos
that you've recorded,
so you can replay or
delete them from the app,
and the other is
for phone calls.
To record you can hold
down on the record button
for about two seconds, and
then hold down once more
to activate recording.
The recording will start,
and to stop it, simply
hold down twice again
on the record button.
If you've turn on
ask before save,
it should pull up a
little window giving you
details about the file.
Voice recordings can
be tricky legally
depending on what state or
country that you reside in,
so check with your
local authorities
before choosing to
record all your friends'
conversations with you.
For example, in
California both parties
need to know a call
is being recorded.
This is probably going to be
one of those handy tools I'll
be happy to have when
I'm on a never ending
call with the customer service
rep who's promising me green
lit pricing, but no assurance
that it's actually a real deal.
Again, it is a free app,
so why not give it a try?
And speaking of free,
I like to live freely,
and you don't get that choice
if you've been driving drunk.
When you drive drunk you
face jail time, court costs,
and even losing your license.
Letting somebody else drive
if you've been drinking
is a really smart thing to do.
Seriously, drive sober
or get pulled over.
Nobody ever gets in their
car thinking, I'm drunk,
I'm driving.
I'm going to go to jail tonight.
Our sponsors at the NHTSA
want you to know on average,
more than 10,000 people die
on the road due to drunk
driving each year.
In order to stop
this deadly epidemic,
law enforcement in every state
and most US towns and cities
will be cracking down on
drunk driving from August 15th
through Labor Day.
They'll see you
before you see them.
If you've been drinking, do me
a favor-- let a sober person
drive.
For more from Tekzilla, hit
up to youtube.com/tekzilla
or tekzilla.com, and check out
our Tekzilla Bite about batch
uninstalling apps on Android.
I'm Shannon Morse.
Thanks for watching.